Add instructions to easily install specific versions on faq.md (#4084)
ollama/ollama: docs/linux.md

sudo chmod +x /usr/bin/ollama
```

> ## installing specific versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installing specific versions
```

> You can run the install script after setting the `OLLAMA_VERSION` environment variable to whatever version you want to install. You can find the version numbers in the [Github's release page](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/releases). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `OLLAMA_VERSION` environment variable with the install script to install a specific version of Ollama, including pre-releases. You can find the version numbers in the [releases page](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/releases). 
```
